# Introduction and Motivation behind writing this book

Angular or React? That's the question of the year or perhaps of the decade for all front end developers. I have used both of them and I can't really recommend one over the other. However, I have noticed that React is gaining tremendous popularity because of its performance and developers like the way it encourages them to write code. The latter being the important factor that makes React so popular. Everyday there's a different pattern emerging and developers learn better way of writing code. These patterns are very helpful in architecting a front end app and in making it maintainable. One very important thing to note about React is that it's a UI management framework and not a do-it-all-with-single-framework kind of library. However, the eco-system around React has grown so tremendously that you're just a search away from finding the right library that plays well with React.

All said, the Angular team is also making their framework rich with features and more performant. The team recently released Angular 6 and their plan is to release a new version every six months or so. This is a huge step forward and I can see that the framework does deliver what is says.

I wanted to write a book on Angular and some of the less known features in the framework. IMHO, Angular is a first-class framework and it's definitely a good framework to consider when starting a new project. Some of the features in Angular are very powerful and these features simplify the workflow that you're trying to build. Think of Authentication; allowing only authenticated users to access a part \(a route\) of the application. How about lazy-loading some of the less accessed features in the application? Angular makes it simpler \(and very intuitive\) to build such workflows.

In this book I'll attempt to solve some of the workflow related issues instead of writing about the features itself i.e. I'll focus on creating a cookbook with recipes instead of talking about topics like 'What is Angular?' or 'What is Routing?'. I hope this would help you with some of the problems that you're trying to address when writing your Angular app.

